One afternoon, a few years ago, I was taking a walk through the suburbs of my hometown with some friends. We walked into a large department store that was having a going-out-of-business sale, 50% off everything. I considered buying a little toy keyboard, thinking I might get some cool sounds out of it, but ended up deciding that, even at half price, I was most likely not gonna use it enough to make it worth the money (looking back, I was probably wrong – but isn't that what life is all about?). I tried on a couple of funny hats, picked up some AA batteries (can't remember what I needed them for), and just before we left, in the second to last aisle, a small object caught my attention. It was a little paperweight: a white stone, with a black gecko lying on top of it. Under the gecko, painted on the side of the stone, were the words "GECKO GOOD LUCK". I laughed about it with my friends. It was silly, but strangely charming, and it cost 25 cents (50% off from the whopping original price of 50 cents) – so I bought it. I put it in my right coat pocket as we left the store. Later, as I arrived home, I reached for it and found it wasn't there. It must have fallen out somewhere, I thought, and wondered where it could have happened. But life did what it does best, and went on.
A year or so later, again in my hometown, I was walking home. The sun was setting, and I decided to pass through the public gardens before they closed for the day. At the gate, a busker was beginning to play a Bob Dylan song (I didn't know it was a Bob Dylan song at the time, but I remember thinking the lyrics suited the moment: "They sat together in the park / As the evening sky grew dark"). I stuck around until the end of the song, and dropped a coin into his cup. He thanked me and we talked for a little while. As I was about to leave, he reached into his right coat pocket and said "Here's something in return". I began to say something like "There's no need", but stopped when I saw what he was holding. The gecko! The very same gecko, on the same stone, with the same words painted on it. GECKO GOOD LUCK.
I took it into my hand and told him I'd had something just like it before, but I'd lost it. He smiled and nodded. "I'm always losing things too". I thanked him, and carried on my way home. I put it in my backpack this time.
